**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright
owner’s behalf?**

Yes.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted
work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to
where it is posted online.**

The infringed work is Cobalt Strike, a commercial software platform
for Adversary Simulations and Red Team Operations.

https://www.cobaltstrike.com/

SHA-256 hashes for the licensed Cobalt Strike product and its trial
archives are published at:

https://verify.cobaltstrike.com/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file,
or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

Cobalt Strike 3.13 Arsenal (Customer-only downloads)

https://github.com/Cliov/Arsenal  
  
https://github.com/123dayu/Arsenal  
https://github.com/1522402210/Arsenal  
https://github.com/5l1v3r1/Arsenal-2  
https://github.com/AgeloVito/Arsenal  
https://github.com/Aleffine/Arsenal  
https://github.com/b4sh1t1/Arsenal  
https://github.com/backlion/Arsenal  
https://github.com/Barriuso/Arsenal  
https://github.com/Be-Gay-Security-Team/Arsenal  
https://github.com/binlmmhc/Arsenal  
https://github.com/BlBana/Arsenal  
https://github.com/BlueEyesz/Arsenal  
https://github.com/chenpengxiao/Arsenal  
https://github.com/CrackerCat/Arsenal  
https://github.com/DevilMayCrying/Arsenal  
https://github.com/gavz/Arsenal  
https://github.com/Gokourur1/Arsenal  
https://github.com/hackdou/Arsenal  
https://github.com/hadesangel/Arsenal  
https://github.com/IamRoadRunner/Arsenal  
https://github.com/jas502n/Arsenal  
https://github.com/ki11y0u/Arsenal  
https://github.com/man008/Arsenal  
https://github.com/mstxq17/Arsenal  
https://github.com/NothingOnYouMoon/Arsenal  
https://github.com/NyaMeeEain/Arsenal  
https://github.com/patrick131184/Arsenal  
https://github.com/pyking/Arsenal  
https://github.com/RASSec/Arsenal  
https://github.com/og3niuz/Arsenal-1  
https://github.com/raystyle/Arsenal  
https://github.com/RunOnceEx/Arsenal  
https://github.com/seiriosalpha/Arsenal  
https://github.com/shelld0n/Arsenal  
https://github.com/shigophilo/Arsenal  
https://github.com/sry309/Arsenal  
https://github.com/t43Wiu6/Arsenal  
https://github.com/libaizaishuijiao/Arsenal  
https://github.com/taropowder/Arsenal  
https://github.com/Tk369/Arsenal  
https://github.com/wakaka6/Arsenal  
https://github.com/wisdark/Arsenal  
https://github.com/wsqr666/Arsenal  
https://github.com/xshnet95/Arsenal  
https://github.com/xxxxxyyyy/Arsenal  
https://github.com/Y4er/Arsenal  
https://github.com/yeshuibo/Arsenal  
https://github.com/yizhimanpadewoniu/Arsenal  
https://github.com/zer0yu/Arsenal  

Cobalt Strike 4.0 Decompiled Java Class files from our JAR

https://github.com/Freakboy/CobaltStrike  
  
https://github.com/020monkey/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/0ps/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/0xsb/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/A2gel/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/a92yu29/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/adomore/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/Ainevsia/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/akkuman/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/Aleffine/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/alex-dengx/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/aloswoya/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/anyeshe/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/ATorNinja/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/backlion/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/biyanisuraj/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/bravery9/CobaltStrike-1  
https://github.com/ca3tie1/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/cbogithub/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/ceramicskate0/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/ph0sph8/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/ChrisLinn/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/code-scan/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/comwrg/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/CrackerCat/CobaltStrike-1  
https://github.com/Cturbo/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/cutff/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/x1234xx/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/cx9208/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/daizhongyin/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/deepwebhacker/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/deidarayu/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/dk0n/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/dubs3c/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/Dviros/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/dycsy/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/euphrat1ca/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/ExpLife0011/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/f1tz/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/feiyang666/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/fengjixuchui/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/fiercebrute/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/FilipposM/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/Flyour/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/fopo0x41/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/freeFV/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/frustreated/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/FunnyWolf/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/gattacker/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/gavz/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/Gilks/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/Go0p/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/godzeo/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/GuoKerS/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/H1d3r/CobaltStrike-2  
https://github.com/h3xhash/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/hackdou/CobaltStrike-1  
https://github.com/hadesangel/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/halfx/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/harry1080/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/heyzm/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/iBearcat/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/ic3s3137/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/icryo/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/idiotc4t/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/Iemnur/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/ifishzz/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/iiiusky/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/imjdl/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/iotsecty/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/IT-qimu/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/j0urney1/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/Jack-ban/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/JavierOlmedo/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/Jin89/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/joydo/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/KevinKien/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/ki11y0u/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/kingking888/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/KMwin/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/KveinAxel/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/lantaoxu/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/lazyman01/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/LovelyWei/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/loveminhal/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/loyo-tw/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/lusunx/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/Mr-xn/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/mrpentest/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/n0a/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/narayanr7/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/nathimog/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/nobgr/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/ntestoc3/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/Ondrik8/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/Pb2d/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/pirenga/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/r00t-life/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/R0ckNRolla/CobaltStrike-1  
https://github.com/Rad1um/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/RASSec/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/RaynerSec/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/raystyle/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/rc-chuah/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/sari3l/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/scareing/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/SebastianElvis/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/secau-perth/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/shantanu561993/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/shiyan-520/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/shmilylty/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/Snifer/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/sry309/CobaltStrike-1  
https://github.com/steward007/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/Supermilkycow/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/surprised-cat/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/t-i-r-e-l/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/tangooricha/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/tangxiaofeng7/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/testcoder72/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/TesterretseT/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/th3cyb3rc0p/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/threezerobravoteam/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/thurday/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/TomAPU/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/Traxsw/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/TryHard3r/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/tsyj/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/wangyeyu2016/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/wardens/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/weisst/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/weiwhy/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/weizhongzu/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/welk1n/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/whojeff/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/windows1988/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/wisdark/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/woxihuannisja/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/wyzzoo/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/x-f1v3/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/xuu7777/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/y11en/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/yellow-starburst/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/Yogiytq/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/yuhanghai/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/yzddmr6/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/yzz-00/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/zerokeeper/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/zerone0x01/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/zforks/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/zha0/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/zhanghb-net/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/zhaobisheng/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/zhihuba/CobaltStrike  
https://github.com/zzhsec/CobaltStrike-1  

Decompiled Cobalt Strike .class files from our JAR

https://github.com/0e0w/CobaltStrike/tree/master/CobaltStrike/CobaltStrike%20source%20code  
https://github.com/heroanswer/CobaltStrike/tree/master/CobaltStrike/CobaltStrike%20source%20code  
https://github.com/patrick131184/CobaltStrike/tree/master/CobaltStrike/CobaltStrike%20source%20code  
https://github.com/R0ckNRolla/CobaltStrike-2/tree/master/CobaltStrike/CobaltStrike%20source%20code

Cobalt Strike 3.12, 3.14, and 4.0 Cracked  
https://github.com/b4sh1t1/cobaltstrike-cracked

Cobalt Strike 3.14 Cracked  
https://github.com/soul1907/cobaltstrike  
https://github.com/txrw/cobaltstrike

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be
identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have
it taken down.**

Yes. Other forks may have appeared since this notice was received/processed.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open
source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under
the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Cobalt Strike is licensed under the terms of an End User License
Agreement. The terms of this EULA prohibit redistribution without the
express written consent of Strategic Cyber LLC. (Strategic Cyber LLC
is a HelpSystems company.) The terms of this EULA also prohibit
modifications/derivative works.

https://www.cobaltstrike.com/license

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are
there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Remove the infringed content.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so,
please provide it:**

No.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good
faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on
the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or
its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into
consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under
penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is
accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on
behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly
infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that
is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a
DMCA Takedown Notice:
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone
number or physical address:**

Help/Systems, LLC  
6455 City West Parkway  
Eden Prairie, MN 55344

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

// signed.

[private]  
[private]
