Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

One or more repositories in this DMCA takedown notice has been processed in accordance with GitHub's prohibition on sharing unauthorized product licensing keys, software for generating unauthorized product licensing keys, and/or software for bypassing checks for product licensing keys.

You can learn more in [GitHub's Acceptable Use Policies](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-acceptable-use-policies).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an [private] of the copyright owner

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

PhpStorm, WebStorm, PyCharm, RubyMine, IntelliJ IDEA, AppCode, ReSharper, CLion, DataGrip are proprietary desktop software products. The originals of the products can be found at JetBrains s.r.o. official website: https://jetbrains.com.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repositoryâ€™s URL.**

https://gist.github.com/jabedhasan21/9de3799a4e10ee4baeeb294433630237 -- gist contains an activation code  
https://github.com/sunct/sunct.github.io/blob/master/public/posts/90abd94a.html -- file contains a link to a downloadable crack  
https://github.com/bikrambox/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/ntxbaby/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/Junior-gate/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/SupTMing/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/feixuedudiao/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/charmingLitteDeveloper/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/mind-owner-fork/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/WangQuan-cn/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/zhaojiafu/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/docteur-charles/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/nbasicvn/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/R3XET/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/5c07t/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/h4775346/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/VINO42/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/ymchen/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/Totoro2205/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/doggeddog/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/fangzhimeng/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/bankel/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/Alexscandal/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/mhasan3/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/forkedrepo2/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/Zyh960130/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/gabbykweka/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/huangliulin/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/nhridoy/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/zhangxiangdong/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/vietdevs/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/devqx/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/Rubentxu/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/najahbouriga/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/jimjimbco/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/sinabio/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/Zet-Web/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/ApacheScribe/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/sane24on7/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/hitfire/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/apufvqsp/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/igilbert/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/ParseDark/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/VanderDT/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/vakhov/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/jzheng85/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/honsa/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/sadiki-o/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/JettyJiang/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/mendylee/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/sd2020bs/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/xProgrammer-007/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/ldcr/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/kennest/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/LARALOY/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/shibbirweb/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/shahin-it/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/xiesp/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/freeliver/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/DenysFesenko/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/dioxide/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/osdeibi/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/Soffi-Zahir/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/whwu1118/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/CawaKharkov/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/epicdevler/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/rsb007/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/alex-pominov/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/nzb15555196162/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/MohanSha/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/Etheliene/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/thismahbub/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/loao/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/qiuchaofan/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/Code6666/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/agenthun/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/748349009/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/loveleon/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use    
https://github.com/gsi-alejandro-marino/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/jacobhe/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/aifans/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/anthonycv/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/mchange/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/youkefan18/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/yzhy7911/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/luckyops/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/jin9776/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  
https://github.com/TurboTu/IDERESET -- contains code that circumvents technical measures protecting JetBrains software from unauthorized use  

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

JetBrains tools are protected with the two mechanisms: an activation code that can be downloaded legitimately from account.jetbrains.com website only, and a user credentials checked against the users database at this web service.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The repositories in question provide an access to a software that modifies original JetBrains software without authorization, or modify the software settings in order to prolong a trial period indefinitely.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringerâ€™s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Address: [private]  
Phone: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
