.MAP
arch/.MAP
bill/.MAP
bin/.MAP
crp/.MAP
dev/.MAP
etc/.MAP
lib/.MAP
lost+found/.MAP
mnt/.MAP
otp/.MAP
ra/.MAP
sys/.MAP
sys/GENERIC/.MAP
sys/cassette/.MAP
sys/conf/.MAP
sys/dev/.MAP
sys/floppy/.MAP
sys/h/.MAP
sys/mdec/.MAP
sys/stand/.MAP
sys/sys/.MAP
tmp/.MAP
tp/.MAP
usr/.MAP
usr/adm/.MAP
usr/bin/.MAP
usr/crash/.MAP
usr/dict/.MAP
usr/dict/papers/.MAP
usr/doc/.MAP
usr/doc/adv.ed/.MAP
usr/doc/beginners/.MAP
usr/doc/berknet/.MAP
usr/doc/cacm/.MAP
usr/doc/csh/.MAP
usr/doc/ctour/.MAP
usr/doc/curses/.MAP
usr/doc/diction/.MAP
usr/doc/edtut/.MAP
usr/doc/eqn/.MAP
usr/doc/ex/.MAP
usr/doc/fsck/.MAP
usr/doc/lisp/.MAP
usr/doc/mail/.MAP
usr/doc/memacros/.MAP
usr/doc/msmacros/.MAP
usr/doc/pascal/.MAP
usr/doc/porttour/.MAP
usr/doc/px/.MAP
usr/doc/ratfor/.MAP
usr/doc/refer/.MAP
usr/doc/sdb/.MAP
usr/doc/shell/.MAP
usr/doc/summary/.MAP
usr/doc/troff/.MAP
usr/doc/trofftut/.MAP
usr/doc/uprog/.MAP
usr/doc/uucp/.MAP
usr/doc/vmunix/.MAP
usr/doc/yacc/.MAP
usr/games/.MAP
usr/games/advfiles/.MAP
usr/games/lib/.MAP
usr/games/lib/ching.d/.MAP
usr/games/lib/quiz.k/.MAP
usr/games/slib/.MAP
usr/guest/.MAP
usr/include/.MAP
usr/include/local/.MAP
usr/include/sys/.MAP
usr/ingres/.MAP
usr/ingres/bin/.MAP
usr/ingres/data/.MAP
usr/ingres/data/base/.MAP
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/.MAP
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/attribute   aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/dept        aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/employee    aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/indexes     aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/integrities aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/item        aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/parts       aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/protect     aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/relation    aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/sale        aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/store       aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/supplier    aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/supply      aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/tree        aa
usr/ingres/data/base/measure/.MAP
usr/ingres/data/base/measure/attribute   b8
usr/ingres/data/base/measure/indexes     b8
usr/ingres/data/base/measure/integrities b8
usr/ingres/data/base/measure/protect     b8
usr/ingres/data/base/measure/relation    b8
usr/ingres/data/base/measure/tree        b8
usr/ingres/data/base/sites/.MAP
usr/ingres/data/base/sites/attribute   92
usr/ingres/data/base/sites/indexes     92
usr/ingres/data/base/sites/integrities 92
usr/ingres/data/base/sites/protect     92
usr/ingres/data/base/sites/relation    92
usr/ingres/data/base/sites/tree        92
usr/ingres/demo/.MAP
usr/ingres/doc/.MAP
usr/ingres/doc/error/.MAP
usr/ingres/doc/files/.MAP
usr/ingres/doc/other/.MAP
usr/ingres/doc/quel/.MAP
usr/ingres/doc/unix/.MAP
usr/ingres/files/.MAP
usr/ingres/lib/.MAP
usr/ingres/source/.MAP
usr/ingres/source/conf/.MAP
usr/ingres/source/ctlmod/.MAP
usr/ingres/source/dbu/.MAP
usr/ingres/source/decomp/.MAP
usr/ingres/source/equel/.MAP
usr/ingres/source/gutil/.MAP
usr/ingres/source/h/.MAP
usr/ingres/source/iutil/.MAP
usr/ingres/source/libq/.MAP
usr/ingres/source/monitor/.MAP
usr/ingres/source/ovqp/.MAP
usr/ingres/source/parser/.MAP
usr/ingres/source/qrymod/.MAP
usr/ingres/source/support/.MAP
usr/lasttape/.MAP
usr/lasttape/bin/.MAP
usr/lasttape/etc/.MAP
usr/lasttape/lib/.MAP
usr/lasttape/sys/.MAP
usr/lasttape/sys/GENERIC/.MAP
usr/lasttape/sys/cassette/.MAP
usr/lasttape/sys/conf/.MAP
usr/lasttape/sys/dev/.MAP
usr/lasttape/sys/floppy/.MAP
usr/lasttape/sys/h/.MAP
usr/lasttape/sys/mdec/.MAP
usr/lasttape/sys/stand/.MAP
usr/lasttape/sys/sys/.MAP
usr/lasttape/usr/.MAP
usr/lasttape/usr/games/.MAP
usr/lasttape/usr/ucb/.MAP
usr/lib/.MAP
usr/lib/font/.MAP
usr/lib/fontinfo/.MAP
usr/lib/learn/.MAP
usr/lib/learn/C/.MAP
usr/lib/learn/editor/.MAP
usr/lib/learn/eqn/.MAP
usr/lib/learn/files/.MAP
usr/lib/learn/log/.MAP
usr/lib/learn/macros/.MAP
usr/lib/learn/morefiles/.MAP
usr/lib/learn/play/.MAP
usr/lib/learn/play/pl3344a/.MAP
usr/lib/learn/play/pl6404a/.MAP
usr/lib/learn/play/pl7745a/.MAP
usr/lib/learn/play/pl8622a/.MAP
usr/lib/learn/play/pl9044a/.MAP
usr/lib/lex/.MAP
usr/lib/lint/.MAP
usr/lib/lisp/.MAP
usr/lib/lisp/manual/.MAP
usr/lib/me/.MAP
usr/lib/me/src/.MAP
usr/lib/refer/.MAP
usr/lib/struct/.MAP
usr/lib/tabset/.MAP
usr/lib/term/.MAP
usr/lib/tmac/.MAP
usr/lib/uucp/.MAP
usr/lib/uucp/.XQTDIR/.MAP
usr/lib/vfont/.MAP
usr/lib/vsamples/.MAP
usr/lost+found/.MAP
usr/man/.MAP
usr/man/man0/.MAP
usr/man/man1/.MAP
usr/man/man2/.MAP
usr/man/man3/.MAP
usr/man/man4/.MAP
usr/man/man5/.MAP
usr/man/man6/.MAP
usr/man/man7/.MAP
usr/man/man8/.MAP
usr/mdec/.MAP
usr/msgs/.MAP
usr/net/.MAP
usr/net/bin/.MAP
usr/new/.MAP
usr/news/.MAP
usr/old/.MAP
usr/old/bin/.MAP
usr/old/include/.MAP
usr/old/lib/.MAP
usr/preserve/.MAP
usr/pub/.MAP
usr/public/.MAP
usr/skel/.MAP
usr/skel/etc/.MAP
usr/skel/usr/.MAP
usr/skel/usr/adm/.MAP
usr/skel/usr/lib/.MAP
usr/skel/usr/spool/.MAP
usr/skel/usr/spool/secretmail/.MAP
usr/skel/usr/spool/uucppublic/.MAP
usr/spool/.MAP
usr/spool/at/.MAP
usr/spool/at/past/.MAP
usr/spool/berknet/.MAP
usr/spool/berknet/rcv/.MAP
usr/spool/berknet/sendi/.MAP
usr/spool/lpd/.MAP
usr/spool/mail/.MAP
usr/spool/secretmail/.MAP
usr/spool/uucp/.MAP
usr/spool/uucppublic/.MAP
usr/spool/vad/.MAP
usr/spool/vpd/.MAP
usr/src/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/adb/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/apl/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/apl/documents/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/as/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/awk/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/berknet/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/c2/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/calendar/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/compact/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/config/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/cpp/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/csh/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/dc/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/delivermail/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/diction/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/diff/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/diff3/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/dump/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/ed/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/efl/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/efl/efltest/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/eqn/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/error/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/ex/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/eyacc/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/f77/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/fed/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/fed/fed/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/fed/lib2648/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/graph/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/grep/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/learn/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/lex/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/lint/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/lisp/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/lisp/doc/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/lisp/franz/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/lisp/franz/VMS/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/lisp/franz/VMS/S/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/lisp/franz/h/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/lisp/lib/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/lisp/lib/cmulisp/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/lisp/liszt/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/lisp/liszt/doc/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/lpr/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/ls/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/m4/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/make/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/man/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/mip/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/msgs/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/neqn/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/oldcsh/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/pascal/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/pc0/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/pcc/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/pcc/VMS/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/pi/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/plot/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/prof/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/px/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/pxp/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/ratfor/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/refer/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/sdb/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/sdb/TESTS/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/sed/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/sh/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/spell/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/struct/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/tbl/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/termcap/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/termcap/tabset/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/tp/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/troff/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/troff/font/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/troff/term/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/tset/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/ucbmail/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/uucp/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/uudiff/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/vpr/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/xsend/.MAP
usr/src/cmd/yacc/.MAP
usr/src/games/.MAP
usr/src/games/aard/.MAP
usr/src/games/adventure/.MAP
usr/src/games/backgammon/.MAP
usr/src/games/boggle/.MAP
usr/src/games/compat/.MAP
usr/src/games/compat/Original/.MAP
usr/src/games/compat/modshell/.MAP
usr/src/games/cribbage/.MAP
usr/src/games/ddl/.MAP
usr/src/games/ddl/doc/.MAP
usr/src/games/ddl/sample/.MAP
usr/src/games/doctor/.MAP
usr/src/games/fortune/.MAP
usr/src/games/mille/.MAP
usr/src/games/monop/.MAP
usr/src/games/mpu/.MAP
usr/src/games/snake/.MAP
usr/src/lib/.MAP
usr/src/lib/libF77/.MAP
usr/src/lib/libI77/.MAP
usr/src/lib/libI77uc/.MAP
usr/src/lib/libcurses/.MAP
usr/src/lib/libdbm/.MAP
usr/src/lib/libg/.MAP
usr/src/lib/libjobs/.MAP
usr/src/lib/libln/.MAP
usr/src/lib/libm/.MAP
usr/src/lib/libmp/.MAP
usr/src/lib/libnm/.MAP
usr/src/lib/libpc/.MAP
usr/src/lib/libplot/.MAP
usr/src/lib/libtermlib/.MAP
usr/src/libc/.MAP
usr/src/libc/crt/.MAP
usr/src/libc/csu/.MAP
usr/src/libc/gen/.MAP
usr/src/libc/stdio/.MAP
usr/src/libc/sys/.MAP
usr/src/new/.MAP
usr/tmp/.MAP
usr/ucb/.MAP
va/.MAP
vb/.MAP
