# The files listed here have copies available under src or skel
# Therefore, don't import them from the installation directory
# List generated with
# https://github.com/dspinellis/sgsh/blob/master/example/duplicate-files.sh

# usr/src/cmd/chk.sh
bin/chk
etc/chk

# usr/src/cmd/trman.sh
usr/man/man0/trman
usr/ucb/trman

# usr/src/cmd/lint/llib-port
usr/lib/lint/llib-port
usr/old/lib/llib-port

# usr/src/cmd/false.sh
bin/false

# usr/src/cmd/nohup.sh
bin/nohup

# usr/skel/etc/fstab
etc/fstab

# usr/skel/etc/group
etc/group

# usr/src/cmd/mklost+found.s
etc/mklost+found

# usr/skel/etc/motd
etc/motd

# usr/src/cmd/termcap/termcap.obj
etc/termcap

# usr/skel/etc/ttytype
etc/ttytype

# usr/skel/etc/ttywhere
etc/ttywhere

# usr/src/cmd/vipw.sh
etc/vipw

# usr/src/sys/stand/sboot
sys/boot

# usr/src/sys/stand/tpicheck
sys/icheck

# usr/src/sys/stand/tpmkfs
sys/mkfs

# usr/src/sys/stand/tprestor
sys/restor

# usr/skel/.login
usr/bill/.login

# usr/src/cmd/calendar.sh
usr/bin/calendar

# usr/src/cmd/diction/diction
usr/bin/diction

# usr/src/cmd/diff3/diff3.sh
usr/bin/diff3

# usr/src/cmd/diction/explain
usr/bin/explain

# usr/src/cmd/install.sh
usr/bin/install

# usr/src/cmd/lint/SHELL
usr/bin/lint

# usr/src/cmd/lookbib.sh
usr/bin/lookbib

# usr/src/cmd/lorder.sh
usr/bin/lorder

# usr/src/cmd/man/man.sh
usr/bin/man

# usr/src/cmd/plot/plot.sh
usr/bin/plot

# usr/src/cmd/spell/spell.sh
usr/bin/spell

# usr/src/cmd/struct/struct
usr/bin/struct

# usr/src/cmd/diction/style
usr/bin/style

# usr/src/lib/libdbm/dbm.h
usr/include/dbm.h

# usr/src/sys/h/acct.h
usr/include/sys/acct.h

# usr/src/sys/h/bk.h
usr/include/sys/bk.h

# usr/src/sys/h/buf.h
usr/include/sys/buf.h

# usr/src/sys/h/callo.h
usr/include/sys/callo.h

# usr/src/sys/h/clist.h
usr/include/sys/clist.h

# usr/src/sys/h/clock.h
usr/include/sys/clock.h

# usr/src/sys/h/clock.m
usr/include/sys/clock.m

# usr/src/sys/h/cmap.h
usr/include/sys/cmap.h

# usr/src/sys/h/cmap.m
usr/include/sys/cmap.m

# usr/src/sys/h/conf.h
usr/include/sys/conf.h

# usr/src/sys/h/cons.m
usr/include/sys/cons.m

# usr/src/sys/h/dir.h
usr/include/sys/dir.h

# usr/src/sys/h/dk.h
usr/include/sys/dk.h

# usr/src/sys/h/dmap.h
usr/include/sys/dmap.h

# usr/src/sys/h/fblk.h
usr/include/sys/fblk.h

# usr/src/sys/h/file.h
usr/include/sys/file.h

# usr/src/sys/h/filsys.h
usr/include/sys/filsys.h

# usr/src/sys/h/flp.h
usr/include/sys/flp.h

# usr/src/sys/h/inline.h
usr/include/sys/inline.h

# usr/src/sys/h/inode.h
usr/include/sys/inode.h

# usr/src/sys/h/ino.h
usr/include/sys/ino.h

# usr/src/sys/h/ioctl.h
usr/include/sys/ioctl.h

# usr/src/sys/h/map.h
usr/include/sys/map.h

# usr/src/sys/h/mba.h
usr/include/sys/mba.h

# usr/src/sys/h/mba.m
usr/include/sys/mba.m

# usr/src/sys/h/mount.h
usr/include/sys/mount.h

# usr/src/sys/h/mtpr.h
usr/include/sys/mtpr.h

# usr/src/sys/h/mtpr.m
usr/include/sys/mtpr.m

# usr/src/sys/h/mx.h
usr/include/sys/mx.h

# usr/src/sys/h/page.m
usr/include/sys/page.m

# usr/src/sys/h/param.h
usr/include/sys/param.h

# usr/src/sys/h/pcb.h
usr/include/sys/pcb.h

# usr/src/sys/h/pcb.m
usr/include/sys/pcb.m

# usr/src/sys/h/pdma.h
usr/include/sys/pdma.h

# usr/src/sys/h/proc.h
usr/include/sys/proc.h

# usr/src/sys/h/proc.m
usr/include/sys/proc.m

# usr/src/sys/h/psl.h
usr/include/sys/psl.h

# usr/src/sys/h/psl.m
usr/include/sys/psl.m

# usr/src/sys/h/pte.h
usr/include/sys/pte.h

# usr/src/sys/h/reboot.h
usr/include/sys/reboot.h

# usr/src/sys/h/reg.h
usr/include/sys/reg.h

# usr/src/sys/h/seg.h
usr/include/sys/seg.h

# usr/src/sys/h/stat.h
usr/include/sys/stat.h

# usr/src/sys/h/systm.h
usr/include/sys/systm.h

# usr/src/sys/h/text.h
usr/include/sys/text.h

# usr/src/sys/h/timeb.h
usr/include/sys/timeb.h

# usr/src/sys/h/times.h
usr/include/sys/times.h

# usr/src/sys/h/trap.h
usr/include/sys/trap.h

# usr/src/sys/h/trap.m
usr/include/sys/trap.m

# usr/src/sys/h/tty.h
usr/include/sys/tty.h

# usr/src/sys/h/uba.h
usr/include/sys/uba.h

# usr/src/sys/h/uba.m
usr/include/sys/uba.m

# usr/src/sys/h/user.h
usr/include/sys/user.h

# usr/src/sys/h/vcmd.h
usr/include/sys/vcmd.h

# usr/src/sys/h/vlimit.h
usr/include/sys/vlimit.h

# usr/src/sys/h/vmclust.h
usr/include/sys/vmclust.h

# usr/src/sys/h/vm.h
usr/include/sys/vm.h

# usr/src/sys/h/vmklust.h
usr/include/sys/vmklust.h

# usr/src/sys/h/vmmac.h
usr/include/sys/vmmac.h

# usr/src/sys/h/vmmeter.h
usr/include/sys/vmmeter.h

# usr/src/sys/h/vmmon.h
usr/include/sys/vmmon.h

# usr/src/sys/h/vm.m
usr/include/sys/vm.m

# usr/src/sys/h/vmparam.h
usr/include/sys/vmparam.h

# usr/src/sys/h/vmsysent.h
usr/include/sys/vmsysent.h

# usr/src/sys/h/vmsystm.h
usr/include/sys/vmsystm.h

# usr/src/sys/h/vmtotal.h
usr/include/sys/vmtotal.h

# usr/src/sys/h/vmtune.h
usr/include/sys/vmtune.h

# usr/src/sys/h/vtimes.h
usr/include/sys/vtimes.h

# usr/src/lib/libcurses/unctrl.h
usr/include/unctrl.h

# usr/skel/usr/lib/crontab
usr/lib/crontab

# usr/src/cmd/diction/dict.d
usr/lib/dict.d

# usr/src/cmd/diction/explain.d
usr/lib/explain.d

# usr/src/cmd/pascal/how_pc
usr/lib/how_pc

# usr/src/cmd/pascal/how_pi
usr/lib/how_pi

# usr/src/cmd/pascal/how_pix
usr/lib/how_pix

# usr/src/cmd/pascal/how_pxp
usr/lib/how_pxp

# usr/src/cmd/lex/ncform
usr/lib/lex/ncform

# usr/src/cmd/lint/llib-lc
usr/lib/lint/llib-lc

# usr/src/cmd/ucbmail/Mail.help
usr/lib/Mail.help

# usr/src/cmd/ucbmail/Mail.help.~
usr/lib/Mail.help.~

# usr/skel/usr/lib/Mail.rc
usr/lib/Mail.rc

# usr/src/cmd/makewhatis.sh
usr/lib/makewhatis

# usr/lib/me/src/tmac.e
usr/lib/me/tmac.e

# usr/src/cmd/termcap/tabset/3101
usr/lib/tabset/3101

# usr/src/cmd/termcap/tabset/beehive
usr/lib/tabset/beehive

# usr/src/cmd/termcap/tabset/diablo
usr/lib/tabset/diablo

# usr/src/cmd/termcap/tabset/std
usr/lib/tabset/std

# usr/src/cmd/termcap/tabset/teleray
usr/lib/tabset/teleray

# usr/src/cmd/termcap/tabset/vt100
usr/lib/tabset/vt100

# usr/src/cmd/termcap/tabset/xerox1720
usr/lib/tabset/xerox1720

# usr/src/cmd/vpr/tmac.vgrind
usr/lib/tmac/tmac.vgrind

# usr/src/cmd/uucp/L.sys
usr/lib/uucp/L.sys

# usr/src/cmd/uucp/USERFILE
usr/lib/uucp/USERFILE

# usr/src/cmd/yacc/yaccpar
usr/lib/yaccpar

# usr/src/cmd/diction/style.1
usr/man/man1/style.1

# usr/skel/usr/spool/secretmail/notice
usr/spool/secretmail/notice

# usr/skel/usr/spool/uucppublic/.plan
usr/spool/uucppublic/.plan

# usr/src/cmd/apropos.sh
usr/ucb/apropos

# usr/src/cmd/berknet/netlog.sh
usr/ucb/netlog

# usr/src/cmd/berknet/nettroff.sh
usr/ucb/nettroff

# usr/src/cmd/cifplot/cifplot
usr/ucb/cifplot

# usr/src/cmd/compact/ccat.sh
usr/ucb/ccat

# usr/src/cmd/cxref.sh
usr/ucb/cxref

# usr/src/cmd/diffdir.sh
usr/ucb/diffdir

# usr/src/cmd/help.sh
usr/ucb/help

# usr/src/cmd/iul.sh
usr/ucb/iul

# usr/src/cmd/lnall.sh
usr/ucb/lnall

# usr/src/cmd/print.sh
usr/ucb/print

# usr/src/cmd/see.sh
usr/ucb/see

# usr/src/cmd/tra.sh
usr/ucb/tra

# usr/src/cmd/vpr/vgrind.sh
usr/ucb/vgrind

# usr/src/cmd/vpr/vprint.sh
usr/ucb/vprint

# usr/src/cmd/vpr/vtroff.sh
usr/ucb/vtroff

# usr/src/cmd/which.sh
usr/ucb/which
