**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright
owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety
requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or
authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

VisualOn, Inc. is the copyright owner. I'm VisualOn's [private].

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work
that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where
it is posted online.**

https://github.com/bzchen/nmPlayer.  
All of the code in this repository is an original work of authorship
belonging to VisualOn, Inc.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or
if the entire repository, the repository's URL.**

The entire repository.
https://github.com/bzchen/nmPlayer

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control
access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a
href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints
about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a
href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have
you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified
separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken
down.**

Yes, all of these repositories are forks of the infringing repository.  
https://github.com/virqin/nmPlayer  
https://github.com/HoraceHou/nmPlayer  
https://github.com/kodingbeta/nmPlayer  
https://github.com/lwhiii/nmPlayer  
https://github.com/rakexue/nmPlayer  
https://github.com/schreibikus/nmPlayer

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please
provide it.**

No contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair
use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a
href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide
to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone
number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
