# The files listed here have copies available under a source code directory
# Therefore, don't import them from the installation directory
# List generated with
# https://github.com/dspinellis/sgsh/blob/master/example/duplicate-files.sh

# usr/src/cmd/calendar/calendar.sh
usr/bin/calendar

# usr/src/cmd/diff3/diff3.sh
usr/bin/diff3

# usr/src/cmd/graph/graph
usr/bin/graph

# usr/src/cmd/install.sh
usr/bin/install

# usr/src/cmd/lint/SHELL
usr/bin/lint

# usr/src/cmd/lookbib.sh
usr/bin/lookbib

# usr/src/cmd/lorder.sh
usr/bin/lorder

# usr/src/cmd/man.sh
usr/bin/man

# usr/src/cmd/news.sh
usr/bin/news

# usr/src/cmd/plot/plot.sh
usr/bin/plot

# usr/src/cmd/sdb/sdb
usr/bin/sdb

# usr/src/cmd/spell/spell.sh
usr/bin/spell

# usr/src/cmd/struct/struct
usr/bin/struct

# usr/src/cmd/tabs4.sh
usr/bin/tabs4

# usr/src/cmd/tabs8.sh
usr/bin/tabs8

# usr/src/sys/h/buf.h
usr/include/sys/buf.h

# usr/src/sys/h/callo.h
usr/include/sys/callo.h usr/src/slowsys/h/callo.h

# usr/src/sys/h/conf.h
usr/include/sys/conf.h usr/src/slowsys/h/conf.h

# usr/src/sys/h/dir.h
usr/include/sys/dir.h usr/src/slowsys/h/dir.h

# usr/src/sys/h/fblk.h
usr/include/sys/fblk.h usr/src/slowsys/h/fblk.h

# usr/src/sys/h/file.h
usr/include/sys/file.h usr/src/slowsys/h/file.h

# usr/src/sys/h/filsys.h
usr/include/sys/filsys.h usr/src/slowsys/h/filsys.h

# usr/src/sys/h/map.h
usr/include/sys/map.h

# usr/src/sys/h/mount.h
usr/include/sys/mount.h usr/src/slowsys/h/mount.h

# usr/src/slowsys/h/mpx.h
usr/include/sys/mpx.h

# usr/src/sys/h/param.h
usr/include/sys/param.h

# usr/src/sys/h/pcb.h
usr/include/sys/pcb.h usr/src/slowsys/h/pcb.h

# usr/src/sys/h/proc.h
usr/include/sys/proc.h

# usr/src/sys/h/psl.h
usr/include/sys/psl.h usr/src/slowsys/h/psl.h

# usr/src/sys/h/reg.h
usr/include/sys/reg.h usr/src/slowsys/h/reg.h

# usr/src/sys/h/seg.h
usr/include/sys/seg.h usr/src/slowsys/h/seg.h

# usr/src/sys/h/systm.h
usr/include/sys/systm.h

# usr/src/sys/h/text.h
usr/include/sys/text.h

# usr/src/sys/h/timeb.h
usr/include/sys/timeb.h usr/src/slowsys/h/timeb.h

# usr/src/sys/h/tty.h
usr/include/sys/tty.h

# usr/src/cmd/lex/ncform
usr/lib/lex/ncform

# usr/src/cmd/lint/llib-lc
usr/lib/llib-lc

# usr/src/cmd/yacc/yaccpar
usr/lib/yaccpar
